=建立信任再沟通=
BuildingTrust
   如何避免别人谈论自己的隐私？
   如何避免谈论自己的隐私？
      humous：夸张的回答
      反问：why，为什么你想知道呢？那你呢？

=沟通 6 steps=
CommunicateSixStepsModel

   
=沟通是什么，包括什么=
   沟通包括语言沟通和非语言沟通，最有效的沟通是语言沟通和非语言沟通结合
   ==非语言沟通 - 60% ==
   body language 眼神，表情，姿势动作，手势，身体接触，身体的距离
   e.g 面带微笑，不做紧张的手指动作，
   
   ==语言沟通== ==表达==
   ExpressionAbility - 表达能力
   沟通的方式与分寸
   CrucialConversations
   
   ==聆听==
      聆听的层次 - 表面事实，具体内容，弦外之音，情绪感觉
      ActiveListening
   
==The communication process==

==How to say no?==
      
==遭遇客户抱怨怎么办？==
   高情商化解的黄金步骤：
   1. 发挥同理心，仔细聆听抱怨内容；
   2. 表示感谢，并解释为何重视他的抱怨；
   3. 有错,为事情道歉, 没错,为心情道歉；
   4. 承诺将立即处理，积极弥补；
   5. 提出解决方法及时间表, 请对方确认；
   6. 做事后的满意度确认。
      
=associated skills=
 • Suspend judgment
 • Paraphrasing 
      Paraphrase to reflect the emotions as well as the content of the message. For example:
      "As I understand it, your position is . . .""You seem to be concerned about . . ."
 • Drawing people out
      This is done by  simply asking the customer the question, “Can you say a little more about that?”
 • Matching & mirroring
 • Read non-verbals
 • Asking questions - QuestioningSkill
 • Note taking
 • Summarizing
      
=4种典型沟通风格 模型=
                 外向
            ---------------
            表现   |   和蔼
                   |
      控制  --------------- 谦和
                   |   
            控制   |   分析
            ---------------
                 内向


   
		Folder 		Negotiation Skills_Global Functions
		Folder 		Negotiations_Sales_1 Day Functions
		Folder 		Negotitations_Sales_Webcast Functions
		


碰到人家说调查到你的工作好像效果未如理想，怎么办？
首先关心工作进度受这效果的影响有多大，现在进展是否顺利。
然后承认自己可能做的不够，但是同时强调自己的工作是尽心尽力的。
然后再从自身找原因，不要争辩。
      
      


=Market Communications =
Here you will find the tools, guidelines and directives to help you when you need to communicate externally
==Brand and Market Communications==
Market Communications is responsible for the Brand & Market Communications strategy, tools, procedudures and frameworks across Ericsson. This includes production and management of global creative platforms/campaigns/templates and relevant toolboxes and instructions for local market adaptions (advertizing, promotions, toolboxes).
 
==External Communications channels==

Everything within External Communications related to Marketing Communications area is the responibility of this organization. The different external communication channels here are, Ericsson Internet (www. ericsson.com), Customer Magazines, Newsletters, promotion materials, ads, Customer Success Stories, invitations, brochures, presentations, films, etc.

==Global Communications Plan & Budgets==
 
Market Communications secures and maintains the development of the Global Communications Plan and Message & Content Plan together with key Group Functions/BU/MU stakeholders, in order to secure consistent communications and budget decisions across all channels.
 
==Supplier/Agency Management==
Market Communications is responsible for management of suppliers and agencies within the area, to support market communication process.
 
==Sponsorship management==
Market Communications is also responsible fir Sponsorship policies and guidelines, as well as driving the major Ericsson Sponsorship initiatives worldwide.



