Customers
 Did the employee champion the needs of the customer? 
 
Customers
 Did the employee ensure that his/her work meets or exceeds the customer's expectations? 
 
Customers
 Did the employee demonstrate customer responsiveness by taking responsibility for customer requests, problems or conflicts? 
 
Customers
 Did the employee demonstrate an understanding of the customer's business, market and competition and  foster long-term relationships through change improvements, and responsiveness to customer needs? 
 
Customers
 Did the employee meet the challenges of the role with passion, initiative, energy, drive and commitment? 
 
People
 Did the employee demonstrate a knowledge of Nortel's current business priorities / measurements and a willingness to expand his/her own technical/professional knowledge? 
 
People
 Did the employee demonstrate a willingness to accept feedback and make appropriate changes? 
 
People
 Did the employee contribute to the success of others by coaching others inside or outside the team, providing feedback and development? 
 
People
 Did the employee create a network of contacts to accomplish work related goals, and interact effectively with business contacts, adapting his/her approach to varying styles, values, backgrounds etc. 
 
People
 Did the employee communicate clearly and effectively and influence other people to either accept a point of view and/or take a course of action? 
 
Integrity
 Does the employee act with integrity, showing consistency between word and deed (say/do)? 
 
Integrity
 Does the employee trust others and treat others with respect? 
 
Integrity
 Does the employee show and foster respect for each person’s background, culture, values, perspective and/or approach? 
 
Integrity
 Does the employee demonstrate a strong desire for success and achievement of personal and organizational goals? 
 
Integrity
 Does the employee ensure that the applicable laws, policies and procedures are followed into day-to-day operations? 
 
CoreValueAccountability
CoreValueInnovation
CoreValueQuality
 
 

