Useful action thinking steps for consideration

Understand/ explore what motivates you 我想要的	
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
H健康、C事业、R亲友、W智慧、W财富

Identify your overall goal
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Try to pin point the target you're aiming at and understand what drives you. Consider short, medium and long term time frames	
short: 系分
medium: 成为一名出色的IT工作者，嵌入式工程师，软件工程师，通信工程师

Set "SMART" objectives
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
   S - Specific,
   M - Measurable, 
   A - offering advantage/ achievable, 
   R - realistic 
   T - timescale


1#：熟悉CDMA2000 1xEVDO RevA的所有技术业务知识
   熟悉CDMA2000 1xEVDO RevA的所有BSC及其相关技术业务知识；
   能在开发流程中针对domain和标准规范协议提出建议；
   积累五百页的手稿和论文一篇 
2#：熟练运用英文沟通，听说技能加强
   托业听力口语取得优秀为止！
3#：ＭＢＡ
   跟MBA的亲友沟通，学习就行；能领悟不同行业之间的产业关系；公司的运作，人员管理的技巧
target：系统分析师
   报名系分，对公司的项目进行总结；一份总结报告。
target：earn money to purchase a commercial house.
   一步到位的户型，留意通涨。计划5～7年。

Break the task down into bite size chunks
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Smaller bite size tasks will allow you to manage them more effectively. Additionally you may want to consider 'bite size' in communicating your plan, is it a big picture audience or small, to facilitate the understand of your messaging. 'Chunk up or down'																						
Understanding the challenges ahead 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Anticipate difficulties you may encounter and take action to overcome them or work around them, to tackle the challenge.																						
Find help
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Identify the tools and people that maybe able to help you achieve your goals

Review your progress
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Against your objectives and target,  review and measure your progress regularly. Review your learning from experiences, what worked what could have been done differently.																						

Change, in our dynamic working environment
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
In today's ever changing work environment, a pre planned career path for every step foreseen in advance, is unlikely alone to enable you to achieve your goals. With the ability to maintain focus with changing dynamics, flexibility and responsiveness in co																						

Questions to ask yourself in times of continuous change
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
What can I do to be more proactive and move forward?																						
How can I be more responsive and seize opportunities?																						
How can I build my self confidence to tackle the challenges ahead?																						
How am I going to continue to learn, network and develop news skills outside the scope of my existing role?																						
How am I going to make sure I'm heading in the right direction?																						
How will I stay responsive to changing market needs?																						
How am I going to measure my success in the long term?																						
What is success to me?																						
What expectations do I have for my achievements? Are they realistic?																						








-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 vim:tw=78:ts=8:ft=help:norl: 

