Elvis Chen's Weekly Report

Hi all, 
   Here are my weekly report.  Thanks for reading.    

= Summary =

= Urgent =
   RLT server setup
   Licensing - 
   虚拟机 mediawiki ---- Thomas

==AEC project ==
Please make sure you send me your work summary by end of this week. It can be any format you like but I expect the content is:

Project # 
   EEGS1.1, 2.0, 3.0
   
CR # (fixed or raised) Raised 23 CR: 
   Q04020107	EEGS 2.0 AEC CPR: AEC has alarm "One or more logical interfaces are locked" during CPR signaling capacity testing
	Q04020109	EEGS 2.0 AEC CPR: PDS calls seemed not be released timely during CPR signaling capacity testing in the release phase
	Q04020112	EEGS 2.0 AEC CPR: Connection OM can not reduce to zero after all calls dropped in CMUST during CPR signaling capacity testing after the release phase complete
	Q04020311	2.0 G: A00029366: CMUST: enhance CMUST tools for EEGS2.0 support CSSHO (Connection Setup with SHO)
	Q04020310	2.0 G: A00029366: CMUST: enhance CMUST tools for EEGS2.0 A13 Dormant Handoff
	Q04020312	2.0 G: A00029366: CMUST: enhance CMUST tools for EEGS2.0 NLB (Network Load Balancing)
	Q04016407	EEGS 1.1 AEC CPR: Some CMUST homed DOM drop when RSPB swact multiple times
	Q04020101	2.0G: EEGS 2.0 AEC CPR: AEC has alarm "Memory usage Report" during CPR signaling capacity testing
	Q04021194	2.0G: A00029366: R: all the connection dropped during 1-shelf 48 hours soak when SMP-RCP/RCP-SMP Keep-Alive Alarm happened
	Q04021195	2.0G: A00029366: V: RSPB blade failed at 07-16T09:58 during 1-shelf 48h soak
	Q04016780	Patch 1.1 AEC - EEGS 1.1 AEC CPR: OM in CMUST is less than AEC, SMP may still show some locked MPU's OM by command caldiscpptbl in Lock, unlock CPPB repeatedly Scenario
	Q04016064	EEGS 1.1 AEC CPR: AMF issue when Swact DM multiple times with traffic
	Q04020944	2.0G: A00029366: CMUST: RLP naked issue is still exists (for 1-shelf)
	Q04021197	2.0G: A00029366: CMUST: the BHCA amount overloaded at 2 times (like 07/15 11:30, 13:45) during 1-shelf full soak 48hours
	Q04021130	EEGS 2.0 AEC CPR: Exceed 100% CPU utilization due to OM (SM block) calculation error in error special cases (over 100% traffic offered)
	Q04020948	2.0G: A00029366: R: callp related alarm "S-Connection Setup Failed Ratio" and "Revision A C-Connection Setup Failed Ratio"
	Q04021976	2.0G: A00029366: R: the active OM was out-of-sync between cmust and AEC after 1-Shelf AEC lock active RSPB and reset NGW with active ctrl unit
	Q04021977	2.0G: A00029366: R: Active PDS can not reach the target value after 1-Shelf AEC reset multiple CPPBs and lock active RSPB
	Q04020577	EEGS 2.0 AEC CPR: Observed the specific CPPs (0-0-9-2 & 0-0-10-1) CPU max
	Q04020956	2.0G: A00029366: R: SHOAddFailureAEC pegged during soak test
	Q04020006	EEGS 2.0 AEC CPR: AEC has alarm "Active Connection Availability Alarm" during CPR signaling capacity testing
	Q04020578	EEGS 2.0 AEC CPR: 100% CPU utilization of Core 0 in CPPs/RCP during signaling capacity test in CPR
	Q04020582	EEGS 2.0 AEC CPR: Delete the duplicated % in the CSL debug command.

TC # 
   EEGS1.1 AEC CPR / S&D test case - About half the CPR test case
   EEGS2.0 AEC CPR test - About half the CPR test case
   EEGS2.0 AEC PV 1-shelf full test support - ~20 cases run
   EEGS2.0 NCB feature PT test support - Finished all the CMUST test case in the PT test. 
   EEGS3.0 AEC CPR test 
   
SLOC #
   - 1000+ A12 bypass CM part.
Detail of work 
Proof of the good performance. 
   
   ===CPR test===
   ====EEGS3.0 AEC CPR test ====
   
   ====EEGS1.1 AEC CPR / S&D test====
   ====EEGS2.0 AEC CPR test ====
   - Play the role as 1.1 CPR Prime to organize the labshift, HC, review meeting etc.
   - Setup the CPR environment 
      - write the CPR test plan
      - write the test case (test step, CMUST test script)
   - Setup the CPR environment to run automatically 
      - Enhance JSystem to test some CPR case automatically. (like: Jsystem enhance plan and implementation)
      - Manage the AEC EEGS CPR Test Result Analyzer (like: OM files analyzer, KPI script, top/memory result analyzer)
   - Run the CPR test case  
      - 20+ cases run in 1.1, 40+ cases run in 2.0
   - CR raised/followd-up/verified
         
   ===AEC feature===
   EEGS3.0 ICIC feature
      - write the CI test case 
   EEGS3.0 IRAT feature
      - write the CI test case 
   EEGS2.0 A12 Bypass 200+ KLOC
      - write the CM part code (to support ambiguous ANAAA server match)
    
   ===CMUST support===
   
   ===Genesis Project (CMUST team)===
   enhance CMUST to meet the EEGS1.1 One-shelf level testing requirement. 
   - to fix the ANAAA issue EEGS1.1 meet.
    
 
   ===support PV ===
   ====EEGS2.0 NCB feature PT test support====
         Finished all the CMUST test case in the PT test. 
         
   ====EEGS2.0 AEC PV 1-shelf full test support====
   - ~20 cases run
   - 8 CR raised/ followd-up/verified
   
   wk24 ~ wk29
   Test 
      - script generate
       
   Test Plan - Done
      - follow up script ready plan ------ 
       
   Test Result - 
      - result analyze
         - upgrade the alarm log analyze script 
      - send Report ( report template )
      - upload QC status  --------- done
      - upload log to ericoll 
         a Ericoll site for EEGS2.0 AEC Soak. 
         https://ericoll.internal.ericsson.com/SITES/EEGS2_SOAK_PV/default.aspx
         please upload your KCI/soak test result to the Ericoll.
          
         Documents -> EEGS2.0 AEC KCI Soak test report -> 1-shelf
         Documents -> EEGS2.0 AEC KCI Soak test report -> 3-shelf
          
         Make sure you'll use the naming rule as the following:
         <AEC type> <KCI/Soak type> <Test Type> report_<Time>.doc
          
         Example:
         1-shelf Session KCI report 20120715.doc
         3-shelf 8-hour Soak report 20120606.doc
         

   
   ===AEM WIS weekly host invitation.===
   2012wk29 AEC overview(AEC operation, log collecting(like callp log))
   Elvis: AEC session on "AEC operation and log collection".    
      Draft the ppt [wk21]

   ===CPR===
   Enhance the Jsystem keep-alive mechanism.     Done. [wk20.4]
   Arrange a demo for log analysis tool.               [wk20.4]
   Upload the 3 cases’ log for S&D.              Done. [wk20.4]
   Lab status detection and recovery.  --   this function will NOT cover change patch from 1.1 to 2.0 
   Get the CPU/ memory log in the Jsystem
   Keep dry run the 3 cases. Issue: Find Jsystem will be dead when there is a lot of logs. 
   R1.1 CR verification. 
   CPPB card level signaling test to explore the bottle neck: test higher call model. 
   

   Jsystem plan and implement [wk19]
   Anny's PPT review - [wk12] 
   labshift's detail report - [wk12]     
   Jsystem's investigation report - [wk12]   
   Draft the CPR test report!! - [wk11]
   Draft the CPR test Plan     - [wk11]   
       
   ===CM ===
   code-go-through output and PPT precentation
      path:
         Data Persistence and Abstraction—Elvis 
            /vob/siren/oam/config/dataservice/src
         Configuration CM Processes - DBASYNC
            /vob/siren/oam/config/gaps/dbasyncs
      code-go-through output:      
   Aec Configuration Management - c:\Users\eknoqry\Documents\MyWiki\AEC\.AecConfigurationManagement.wiki.swp
   === CR ===
   
   CrProcess - Q04012486 (IDCE1009778) - Investigation - [wk08]    
   

   ===CMUST support===
   Jimmy's request - collect the log? ask PV to grep some previous log.  - [wk12]
   Auth issue during setup 902 dormant call- [wk12]
   
   help Cherry to setup a call -
   help Aloe to setup a call -
   
   ===Training===
   - Self-learning share session PM, CM session [wk01]
   - Self-learning share session [wk51]
   - kick off meeting [wk50]

==GenesisProject==
   CMUST receives Release_B2TC after Release_b2TC, CMUST sends out RelCmpl.
   ===test case configure===
     
   ===xls file Issue checklist===
   No.26 - OM peg not right for HRPD - Done. [wk51]
   No.38 - Draw the OM big picutre - Done. [wk51]
   No.28 - HRPD Call attempt did not stop based on our CMUST config, need use tsstop to stop the traffic. This issue only happened once.  
           Can not reproduce. [pending]
   No.31 - [CMUST] - If first PDS setup failed, AT enter PDS_IDLE state, and will try PDS setup later, will keep retrying. Forecast: wk51.5 COB.
           Finished the long-term solution coding and submitted. 
           Tested the solution and found the AEC's behavior is not expected. Transfer to Francis to continue investigating [wk51]
   No.35 - Do we need to peg OM DOMBTS_OM_HRPDSession_Setup_Fail in case if( pThreadInfo->m_chResendUatireqTimerReset == MAX_UAITREQ_RESEND ), in function determine_resendUATIReq
           Fixed [wk51] 
           
   No.45 - ?? Pending
   No.30 - refer to no.26
   No.41 - refer to no.26
   
      ====RTV: ====
   No.34 - If during connection is active (that is, within 16 sec call holding time during soaking), if CMUST receives release_b2tc, CMUST should enter dormant state and try D2A/A2D based on predefined timer. 
           If CMUST receives release_b2tc, AT enter dormant state, and will try D2A as predefined timer.
           root cause: When AT received abnormal Release_B2TC message in active state, AEC would enter Dormant state by itself, 
                       but CMUST would keep this state and generate AT/AN A2D, the AEC/CMUST state was not sync
           coding complete and 
           Find the RelCmpl message encode issue and fixed. [wk52]
      
   

   ===Knowledge Transfer===
   - Draft the plan --------------------------- [wk52]
   - Transfer the Genesis Work Items to Sunlit [wk50] 
    
   ===OM ===
   - Coordinate with peers about all the churn in OM. [wk52]
   - 
   - Fixed the HRPD Session Attempt OM can not equal to the Success plus Failure issue [wk49]
   - Refine the OM and submit with Abnormal code [wk47-48]
   - Discuss the DOM packets OM implementation in the meeting [wk46]
   - Refine the OM sheet and mail to Luke [wk44]
   - Test the added OM. [wk44]
   - Prepared the OM sheet. [wk44]
   - Add/Modify the OM according to the logic, coding is finished, testing is on going [wk43]
   - Review with the team by Email/on call and refine the OM logic according to the comment [wk43]
   - Re-Summarize the OM information according to the review meeting comment [wk43]
   - Have a meeting for OM review [wk42]
   - Draft the OM group information spreadsheet for review [wk42]
   - Fixed the Dormant OM issue. [wk42]
   - Investigate the OM group implementation in DOMBTS. [wk42]
   
   ===Abnormal Scenario===
   - to generate Logs for abnormal scenarios for it's not easy to observer the issues without Bad event tracking. (done) [wk49]
   - Submit the code after review [wk47-48]
   - Test the sanity case HRPD session with the abnormal code [wk46]
   - Fix the OM issue caused by the latest abnormal design change [wk46]
   - Change the design that after mobile change to PDS idle state, set a timer and tell do_manager to return PDS active or dormant after time out. [wk46]
   - Hold the review meeting and modify the code accoding to the comment [wk46]
   - Refine code by simplifying the abnormal SM to decrease 3 middle-checked state.  [wk44]
   - Regenerate the abnormal code review package but I notice it missing some new version files.  [wk44]
   - Retest the abnormal SM in other abnormal Scenario beside's sending ConnectionClose after RNC received LocationComplete and work fine.  [wk44]
   - Change the abnormal SM to handle the ConnectionClose triggered abnormal scenarion which mobile switch to PDS idle and send SessionClose and go idle finally.  [wk44]
   - Handle the DOM_BHE_SEND_PACKET_DATA_COMPLETE bad event in above scenario. Retest and the bad-event disappeared. [wk44]
   - Confrim with RNC team that the abnormal scenario's mobile final state and add SessionClose callp accordingly[wk43]
   - Refine the abnornal design and find the mobile final state is still needed to change when it goes to ConnectionClose triggered scenario. [wk43]
   - Generate the changed-code diff for review and send for review  [wk42]
   - Add 2 more internal event to change the SM. [wk41] 
   - Find the abnormal scenario design's side effect (which DOM always closes Session no matter the abnormal is triggered by ConnectionClose or not ) and nail down the design solution [wk41]
   - Add 4 OM for the abnormal scenario. [wk41]
   - Find 1 other do_manager's BAD_EVENT and fixed with Phillip. [wk41] 
   - Test and passed all the remain TC, including SessionClose (TC) testcases and timeout test case in plan. [wk41]
     For more in-depth information, please refer to xls file "TC " sheet. 
   - Fixed all the 5 issues which generated during testing. [wk41]
      1	BAD EVENT of SessionClose after DOM sending SessionClose; Can not go to cleanupresource state
      2	BAD EVENT of DisconnectAck after the callp is all done.
      3	DOM can not received the SessionClose (TC).
      4	"RNC can not send the connectionClose after SessionClose.  after sending SessionClose (TC), rnc need to send ConnectionClose ,  but the rnc do not ."
      5	"RNC can not send the Release_B2TC after ConnectionClose_TC2S.  After rnc received ConnectionClose_TC2S and send to the state machine, it does not send the release_b2tc"
   - Add scenario trigger code in RNC, Tested 10 scenarios, which callp is all trigger but run into other 3 issues (2 are bad event, 1 is SessionClose (TC) decoding ). Tracing in the xls file. [wk39]
   - Fixed the Release_B2TC issue, and retest the related Release_B2TC scenario [wk39]
   - Consult the RNC team to confirm the SessionClose(CC) callp and canceled some test case  [wk39]
   - Review and Update the TC List with the latest ppt offer by RNC team [wk39]
   - Make a TC List for the Scenarios [wk39]
   - Scenario: received SessionClose CC after RNC received Connreq [wk38]
      - Modify the SessionClose encode in RNC and DOM can received SessionClose and hit the abnormal scenario handler process now [wk38]
   - Scenario: Resend UATIRequest [wk38]
      - Create a timer for resend UATIRequest and stop it prior to start timer DOMBTS_SETUP_HRPD_SESSION_TIMER [wk38]
      - Create determine_resendUATIReq, dombts_rnc_resendUATIReq to handle resend UATIReq scenario. [wk38]
   - Refine and submit the abnormal sm related handler, and commented the dombts.sm abnormal part to avoid impacting base functional testing [wk38]
   - Refine the sm and submited [wk38]
   - Rnc send SessionClose (TC) Message function [wk37]
   - Develop decoder to decode SessionClose (FTC) Message [wk37]
   - Neil down the dombts.sm abnormal part and submitted the event handler roughly. [wk37]
   - the Abnormal Scenario DE [wk37]
      - give the plan for the development (consider 70% efforts) [wk37]
      - discuss with Francis for the testing and align the RNC function ready time [wk37]
      - Draft the Abnormal Scenario DE [wk37]
   - the Abnormal Scenario Investigate - Done
      - Prepare for and hold the Abnormal Scenario design review meeting [wk37]
      - Draft the State Machine and intergrate the design with Phillip' [wk36]
      - Investigate the abnormal scenario, discussed with Phillip [wk34] 
      
   ===CMUST User Guide ===
   - Update the AAA part [wk49]
   - Draft the userguide OM part [wk45.1]
   - Review the user guide and comment [wk39]
   - Merge the user guide with AAA part. [wk38]

   ===Drop2 Testing support ===
   - Benchmark data for SUT test (Primes : Willy & Elvis)
      - Signal (met some issues and need a further investigation)
      - Tput ( passed the 500M/14K PDS TC)
      - Soaking (wrote the TC but haven’t tested it)
   - Support Stephen to fix the Authentication issue about AAA server [wk45.1]
   - Support Kamark to setup a AAA-server in LG CMUST Server. [wk44]
    
   ===Drop2 merge record review ===
   - Check my Drop1 changed code. 
      - Check Kamark's chap issue, find the merge diff and going to test in rnc18. [wk37]
      - submit the missing A12 switch code. [wk37]
   - Create the merge record file [wk37]
    
   ===SHO / cell switch scenario===
   - Review the SHO code [wk45]
   - join the review meeting. [wk37]
    
   ===Drop2 interface's change ===
   - DOM homing testing: - [Kamark]
      - Configure the CMUST-2 to test dom homing but block by the labshift. [wk35]
      
   ===SoftHandoff and cell switch Design ===   
   - join the review meeting [wk37]
   

   
   ===PPP LCP CHAP===
   - Drop2 single call testing:
      - Handle the 2 ppp message in 1 FTC rlp payload's pppclient scenario in Drop2.  [wk35]
        Modify the pppclient to no state.
        Status: Passed the 2 ppp message handle procedure and blocked at the CHAP failure.
           ( AAA does not receive the A12 sent from RNC. Dom received the CHAP failure after sending CHAP Rsp to RNC)
   - Drop1 traffic testing:
      - Fix the pppclient's CPU 100% occupation issue  [wk35] 
        Fix the infinite loop issue and enhance pppclient to handle multiple ppp message in 1 RTC message.
      - Handle the 3 ppp message in 1 FTC rlp payload's core dump scenario in Drop1.  [wk35]
        Propagate the Drop2's no state pppclient code to Drop1 and pass the Drop1 loopback testing
   - PPP server and roll back testing - Done
        PPP server and RNC authentication code is tested and submited. 
   - ppp server's state machine coding is finished. 
   - submitted the PPP LCP, CHAP encode/decoder
   - submitted the PPP client, PPP server part.
     Implemented the PPP LCP resequence buffer.  Implemented the PPP Negotiation and CHAP Authentication state machine
     I am working on the PPP client state machine to handle the FTC message reach in wrong sequence 
     and gen the Nak message to DOM. The PPP client's state machine should be able to handle the NAK status too.      
           
   ===AN-AAA (FreeRADIUS)===   
   - AN-AAA issue impact Tput test – can’t read the configuration which caused the calls can’t be balanced distributed among multiple PDSNs. [wk49] 
   - AAA submited in SVN discussion and submitted  [wk35]
   - A12 implementation [wk34] - done
   - Investigate and deal with the core dump issue cause by "7e 00 00 ..." LCP message with Kamark and Stephen - Done
   - Test and measure the AN-AAA benchmark value of single AN-AAA APP. 
      - Test the 100/s case and going to datafill more AT for another try.
      - Install the MySQL in MTXRES with ANAAA database for FreeRADIUS-MySQL solution.
        Insert the anaaa table into the MySQL. AAA server do not pre-install mysql package
        which causes FreeRADIUS can run MySQL interface.  - Setup AaaServer: FreeRADIUS 
   - AAA to support User's datafill for PDSN number and IMSI first 6 digits. - Done.
   - AAA Deployment - Done
      ====Lab Depolyment====
      Another AAA server's FreeRADIUS configuration run into trouble that perl module do not make rlm_perl.so . I am still following this issue.
      Now, AAA configured in CMUST1 for PV testing.
      2 AAA server deploy for PV - Done 
           Fix the perl module and firewall issue and deploy another AAA server at 10.179.229.14 this week. 
      AAA server tips for RNC team - Done 
           Update the FreeRADIUS tips for RNC team to deploy AAA. And it seems their deploy seamless.
   - AAA authentication failure sometimes when AAA server start-up for a long time. AN-AAA not stable issue fixing - Done
        Exchanged the DOM's MD5 with AAA's. And now the failure phenomenon is varnished.
   - Test to deploy multiple AN-AAA APP (per CMUST server and multiple CMUST servers) - Done
        Test the multiple AN-AAA IP in RNC15 with eth0 / eth1's binding IP and the ANAAA
        can handle the multiple IP listening.
        
==BSC tools ==
   ===Finding an technical area to develop for each person in 2012===
   - Raymond kick off[wk50] 
   
   ===BSC tools support===
   ====1xAdvanced Testing support ====
   - Support Neaol on MAHHO 1xAdv regression testing, we discuss face-to-face for the regression test cases in detail. [wk43]
   - Support Cyanpine's MCTA testing [wk43]
   - Support Kriss for the MBE's MAHHO implementation enhance requirement [wk43]
   - Support Neaol to setup the ebsc12 MBE mobile to mobile call. [wk41]
    
   ====Odlprs support ====
   - One Rel19 odlprs CR need to double-check the ECC component's log doesn't need odlprs to parse.  [wk45.1]
     After investigation, it is in BTS domain and mail to confirm with BTS team. 
     Odlprs CR http://flex.mo.ca.am.ericsson.se/quickcr?m=html&id=Q02194802    
     
   - Support Kelvin for the Odlprs CR's investigation [wk42]

= Important =
   ===Creating my own IPM record===
   - take about 1h [on-going] 
   ===QMS Training ===
   - Done
   ===Communicate stuff - meeting===
   
   
= Next Step =

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Achievement record:
= Urgent =
==GenesisProject==
   ===OM related investigation===

ReriskList
CrList 
SupportList
FeatureList


GOALS - DESCRIPTION
INDICATORS OF ACHIEVEMENT
FINAL EVALUATION 

-----------------------------------
[[OtherTmpNote]]

   ==Project ==
     CMUST - GenesisProject
     AEC - c:\Users\eknoqry\Documents\MyWiki\RNC.lnk
   ==Feature ==
      - FeatureList
   ==CR ==
      - CrList CrProcess SubmissionAndSanityProcedure
      ===Release ===
      ReleaseManagement 
      
   ==Report ==
      - TextTemplate 
   ==Support==
      - SupportItems 
   ==Domain ==
      - DomainList
   == Test ==
      - TestTips tips for different kinds of tests
      ===CPR Test===
      KpiKci
   ==Document ==
      - DocumentRepository

   [[FAQ]] - FavoriteFileList 
   ElvisDeltaLog


Talent Management - a new concept within Ericsson and officially launched in January 2011. 
   IPM (Individual Performance Management) Discussion
   Talent Management is Ericsson’s way of working with performance and development from a people perspective. The concept is built upon two adjusted and updated existing processes: 
   the Individual Performance Management process (IPM) 
   the Leadership Talent Planning (LTP)  (previously known as Management Planning).
  
