“The best way to persuade people is with your ears –  by listening to them.”         Dean Rusk 

==What is Active Listening ?==
   Active listening involves a restatement of either the message or the feelings of the speaker; 
   without giving advice, without analyzing, without probing, to the satisfaction of the speaker 
   
==What's the benefits of active listtening ?==
   Benefits…
 §  Opens up new selling opportunities
 §  Helps build rapport with your customers
 §  Fully understand customer’s concerns, problems and what agreements were reached
 §  Ensures you don’t miss revenue opportunities
 
=Active Listening Techniques=
    •Approach the conversation with an Open Mind 
    •Assume that you do not already know what is being said 
    •Set aside your own agenda 
    •Acknowledge your personal listening filters 
    •Listen “for” what is being said and - just as importantly - to what is not being said and where appropriate use probing questions 
 •Paraphrase what you heard to verify your understanding
 
=Eight Ways To Become The Most Effective Listener=
 •Be comfortable with silence to show you are listening 
 •Don’t interrupt while the client is speaking 
 •Be present 
 •Make the client feel heard 
 •Become a solution-oriented listener 
 •Listen for what is NOTsaid 
 •Resist the temptation to argue/rebut 
 •Listen for information.   
 
=Eight Questions to Ask Yourself to see if You’re Limiting Your Ability to Fully Listen !=
 •Are you doing something else while the client is talking? 
 •During your conversation with a client, do you wait for a pause so that you can quickly get something out? 
 •How difficult is it for you to stay quiet? Do you talk without thinking beforehand? 
 •Do you pretend to listen to the client just so you can get in your comments? 
 •Do you practice selective listening (only hear the things you want to hear)? 
 •Are you aware of the message that the person is sending apart from their words? 
 •Do you allow background noise to hinder your ability to listen? 
 •Do you listen through filters?
