%影响力

%toc


[[CoachingAbility]] 
 Motivate 
  
 吸引别人注意的技巧 
    
     
     
=Sources of Power =
 •Legitimate power.  If your ability to influence the behaviour of someone else is based on our position in an organization, you possess legitimate power. In other words, if losing your position or title would mean the loss of power, you have a legitimate power base.  You can demand compliance of certain people because such authority has been granted to you by the organization. The people over whom you exert legitimate power know that non-compliance would mean certain sanctions (for example, the loss of their jobs). 
 
 •Coercive power.  If your ability to influence the behaviour of someone else is based on fear, you have coercive  power.  This fear can take many forms (for example, fear of retribution, fear of punishment, or fear of appearing inadequate). 
 
 •Reward power.  Closely related to coercive power is reward power.  If your ability to grant rewards influences the behaviour of another person, you have a reward power base.  Rewards can be as simple as smile of approval or as significant as a promotion. 
 
 •Referent power.  If your ability to influence the behaviour of another person is based on your personal traits, you possess a referent power.  You are so admired for your personal qualities--perhaps for your charisma--that others want to be identified with you.  They are willing to pay for a close association with you, and you thus wield power over them. 
 
 •Expert power.  If your ability to influence the behaviour of another person is based on your expertise in some area, you have an expert power base.  Your expertise may be necessary for another person to do his or her job satisfactorily--or superbly; therefore, the person complies with your desires in order to receive your expertise. 
 
 •Information power.  Closely related to expert power is information power.  If your ability to influence the behaviour of someone else is based on information you possess or have access to, you have an information power base.  As with an expert power base, the information you have or can obtain may be so valuable to another person's job or prestige that he or she is willing to comply with your wishes in order to receive the information. 
 
 •Connection power.  If your ability to influence the behaviour of another person is based on your "connections" with important people, you possess connection  power.  Although you may not be able to grant rewards, sanctions, information, or expertise and although you may have no legitimate power in the organization, your contact with influential people gives you unmistakable power. 

个人品牌 [[职业形象]] ElvisChen - 积累[[water]] MyBlog - 

		Folder 		Empowerment_Basic Functions
			  CDMAOrigObjID=18962389   		9 Items  		2010-06-03 10:07 
		Folder 		Empowerment_General Functions

		Folder 		Influencing_Activities_Exercises Functions
			  CDMAOrigObjID=18978961   		15 Items  		2010-06-03 10:08 
		Folder 		Influencing_General Functions
			  CDMAOrigObjID=18978446   		6 Items  		2010-06-03 10:08 
		Folder 		Influencing_Others CIP ME Webcast Functions

赋权，指通过让工作者更多地参与控制他们工作的决策权和增加对工作成果的责任，增加工作者参与合作的程度。



