First, form good habits. According to a scientific research, forming a habit takes twenty-one days. So if you could get through the first twenty-one days, like if you can endure not playing on-line games during this period of time, it would be easier for you to say no to the games later on.
Second, learn to be persistent. Set up some detailed goals which are easier to achieve. When you succeed at these goals, the sense of accomplishment will support you to continue. Then you can make long term goals.

==意识～潜意识 理性～感性 计划者～行动者==
关于自制力的问题，我们可以将每个人想象成由两个半自动部分所组成，一个是高瞻远瞩的"计划者"，另一个是急功近利的"行动者"。
你可以把"计划者"看做是理性思维系统的代表，或者说是你内心深处的斯波克先生；
你可以把"行动者"看做是直觉思维系统的代表，或者说是你内心深处的霍默·辛普森。

"计划者"在计划自己的长期利益时必须要考虑"行动者"的喜怒哀乐，因为"行动者"总是难以抵制来自各方面的诱惑。
神经经济学（的确有这样一门学科）最近的一项调查发现了关于自制力的双重系统存在的证据。在面对诱惑时，我们的大脑中有些部分会中招，而有些部分却能够分析面对这一诱惑所应当采取的措施，从而使我们能够理性地面对诱惑力。参见卡默勒2007年的著作和麦克卢尔等2004年的著作。有时候，大脑的这两部分会发生严重的冲突，甚至是你死我活的战争。

         善意的引导～助推(宗教/理性/教条)
计划者  <-------------------------------   行动者


使用赌注助推



--------------------
人生感悟
==success==
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm
   ===success and happiness===
   Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
   成功意味着你得到你想要的，幸福则是你享受你得到的。

==love==
love is not just about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship,
it's not about how much love you have in the beginning, but how much love you build till the end.

I missed you but I missing you. I missing you but I missed you .I see you but I seeing you . I seeing you but I see you. 明明已经错过你，但我却还在想念你。当我想念你的时候，但我不能再拥有你。明明已经别离，却又再次相遇。当我们再次相遇时，却不得不说再见。

==family==
Family：这个词意味著什么吗？家庭FAMILY是爸（Father）和（And）妈（Mother）、我 I 爱 Love 你 You

==friends==
Everyone in the world needs someone they can depend on. But occasionally in life, the people we thought would always be there for us leave.这个世界上的每个人都需要有人依靠。有时生活里，那个我们认为一直会在那里，让我们依靠的人也会离开。


==wealthy & money==
Greed is the real poverty, the satisfaction is the most real wealth.
贪婪是最真实的贫穷，满足是最真实的财富。




